Added a short about text for the Data life cycle (#47)
ScilifelabDataCentre/RDM-guidelines: content/data-life-cycle/_index.md

## Data Life Cycle phases

> The data life cycle can be divided into several phases as seen in the wheel below; **plan, collect, process, analyse, perserve, share** and **reuse**. Here you can find information about all of these seven phases. Click on a section of the wheel below to get an introduction to that phase of the data management life cycle. Each phase have information on relevant resources and training material listed. Note that some of the phases have data type specific information while others have more general information. Data type specific information is currently avaliable for **genomics data, imaging data, metabolomics data** and **proteomics data**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data life cycle provides an overview of the phases involved in successful management and preservation of data for use and reuse. You can find information about all of these seven phases; **plan, collect, process, analyse, perserve, share** and **reuse** by clicking on a section of the wheel below. Each phase have information on relevant resources and training material listed. Note that some of the phases have data type specific information while others have more general information. Data type specific information is currently avaliable for **genomics data, imaging data, metabolomics data** and **proteomics data**.
```
